* What is the relation between Compound AI Systems and AI Agents?
    * Compound AI Systems is about taking system design approach to break the problem into multiple parts and using the most relevant component to solve that part of the problem instead of taking the route to tunning the model for specific usecase with the specific data.
    * With AI agents , we dont provide the control logic that is route to solve the problem using the components , we give that control to the model to find the path to answer the query. In Particular, we dont program the path to solve or answer or address the query which effectively means configuring the System Design path and components to get the answer for the query instead we hand this control logic to the LLM , thats where it becomes Agentic. Here, it takes the responsibilty for leveraging and connecting outputs from multiple componets of the Compond AI System to anser the query.

* What is the difference between Fine Tuning and RAG?
    * Fine tunning is about retraining the model with specific data for a specific use case to achieve high accuracy. It is less favorable in terms of adaptability. More expensive and complex. With every change in the environment , it would require a retraining translating to the updation of paramenters.
    * RAG is about retriving the information relevant to the user query from the provided knowldge source and then this is used to build the context for the query and is appended with the original prompt and fed to the LLM or model, thats how it adapts. More adaptable, less exensive, retraining not required.